[DOC] Adding recommendations into multi-echo.rst (#341)
ME-ICA/tedana: docs/multi-echo.rst

.. _processing pipeline details: https://tedana.readthedocs.io/en/latest/approach.html#optimal-combination
.. _Pruim et al. (2015): https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811915001822

Recommendations on multi-echo use for someone planning a new study
------------------------------------------------------------------
Multi-echo fMRI acquisition sequences and analysis methods are rapidly maturing. Someone who has access
to a multi-echo fMRI sequence should seriously consider using it. Multiple studies have shown that a
weighted average of the echoes to optimize T2* weighting, sometimes called "optimally combined,"
gives a reliable, modest boost in data quality. The optimal combination of echoes can currently be

> calculated in several software packages including AFNI, FMRI_PREP, and tedana. If no other acquisition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calculated in several software packages including AFNI, fMRIPrep, and tedana. If no other acquisition
```
Nitpicky but none of the capitalizations on their [readthedocs](https://fmriprep.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) have an underscore.

compromises are necessary to acquire multi-echo data, this boost is worthwhile. If other compromises are
necessary, consider the life of the data set. If data is being acquired for a discrete study that
will be acquired, analyzed, and published in a year or two, it might not be worth making compromises
to acquire multi-echo data. If a data set is expected to be used for future analyses in later years,
it is likely that more powerful approaches to multi-echo denoising will sufficiently mature and add
even more value to a data set.

Other multi-echo denoising methods, such as MEICA, the predecessor to tedana, have shown the potential for
much greater data quality improvements, as well as the ability to more accurately separate visually similar
signal vs noise, such as scanner based drifts vs slow changes in BOLD signal. These more powerful methods are
still being improved, and the algorithms are still changing. Users need to have the time and knowledge to look
at the denoising output from every run to make sure denoising worked as intended. If someone wants a push-button
way to use multi-echo data to improve data quality, that doesn't require as deep an inspection of every output,

> stick with using the weighted average. The developers of tedana look forward to when tedana and other methods

Reviewer: I feel that we should link here to how to run *just* optimal combination for ease of reference.

Author: @jbteves, What specifically would you recommend? A link to: https://tedana.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#run-t2smap

Reviewer: Yeah, sorry, I should have been more clear; I think just dropping that link in would be perfect!

.. _processing pipeline details: https://tedana.readthedocs.io/en/latest/approach.html#optimal-combination
.. _Pruim et al. (2015): https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811915001822

Recommendations on multi-echo use for someone planning a new study
------------------------------------------------------------------
Multi-echo fMRI acquisition sequences and analysis methods are rapidly maturing. Someone who has access
to a multi-echo fMRI sequence should seriously consider using it. Multiple studies have shown that a
weighted average of the echoes to optimize T2* weighting, sometimes called "optimally combined,"
gives a reliable, modest boost in data quality. The optimal combination of echoes can currently be
calculated in several software packages including AFNI, fMRIPrep, and tedana. In tedana, the weighted

> average can be calculated with https://tedana.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#run-t2smap If no other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
average can be calculated with t2smap_ If no other
```
Paired with a below suggestion would make the link in-line, which would improve readability slightly.

Reviewer: At the end, with the other links at the bottom of the file, add
` .. _t2smap: https://tedana.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage.html#run-t2smap

.. _educational session from OHBM 2017: https://www.pathlms.com/ohbm/courses/5158/sections/7788/video_presentations/75977
.. _series of lectures from the OHBM 2017 multi-echo session: https://www.pathlms.com/ohbm/courses/5158/sections/7822

Available multi-echo fMRI sequences for multiple vendors
********************************************************

Information on multi-echo sequences from Siemens, GE, and Phillips will be added here.

Multi-echo preprocessing software
*********************************

tedana requires data that has already been preprocessed for head motion, alignment, etc.
More details on software packages that include preprocessing options specifically for multi-echo

> fMRI data, such as AFNI and FMRI_PREP will be added here.

Reviewer: Same as above
